1. What is the role of anti-interleukin 6 in treatment of covid_19? What position does it occupy?
For patients with extensive lung lesions or severe cases, if the level of il-6 is detected to be elevated, actemra can be used for treatment. The first dose is 4 - 8 mg/kg, the recommended dose is 400 mg and 0.9% normal saline is diluted to 100 ml, and the infusion time is greater than 1 hour. Additional application may also be made after 12 hours (same dose as before) for a maximum of two doses. Cytokine storm may exist in severe patients with novel coronavirus pneumonia, so theoretically actemra has potential value in the treatment of severe patients with novel coronavirus pneumonia. But how effective is that, depending the outcome of clinical trials.
2. How long can the new coronavirus survive on hard surfaces?
The novel coronavirus and sars-cov exist in the environment for a similar (detectable) time, surviving in aerosols for up to 3 hours with a median half-life of 2.7 hours. It can survive up to 4 hours on copper, 24 hours on paper and up to 2 - 3 days on plastic and stainless steel. The median half-life of the novel coronavirus is about 13 hours in stainless steel and 16 hours in polypropylene, so it can survive for a long time (figure 1).
3. What are the discharge criteria?
The following conditions must be satisfied simultaneously: (1) the body temperature returns to normal for 3 consecutive days, (2) significant improvement of respiratory tract symptoms is observed, (3) lung imaging suggests significant improvement of acute exudation, and (4) successive two RT-PCR tests of respiratory tract specimen like phlegm and nasopharyngeal swabs are negative.
4.What do you suggest the patient's family should pay attention to at home?
The patient's family member needs to monitor their body temperature frequently, check whether if they have respiratory symptoms, if found out having fever or cough and other symptoms need to see a doctor in time
5. How does the virus spread? Airborne or respiratory secretions?
The transmission of respiratory secretions and contact is the most important route of transmission. Prolonged exposure to a high concentration of aerosols in a relatively closed environment may also be transmitted by aerosols, such as the possibility of aerosol transmission to medical personnel during endotracheal intubation or tracheotomy.
6. What is the role of vitamin c in adjuvant therapy?
At present, vitamin C has not been found to be helpful in treatment. We do not routinely use vitamin C in the treatment of novel coronavirus pneumonia
7. Do minerals like zinc or magnesium help?
Zinc and magnesium were not found to be helpful in the treatment of novel coronavirus infections.
8. Are there any drugs to prevent the new coronavirus?
There is no specific and effective way to prevent new coronavirus infections, and vaccines are still being developed