1. What is COVID-19?
The International Committee on Taxonomy of viruses is a newly discovered coronavirus, named SARS-Cov-2. Because of the lack of immunity to new virus strains, people are generally susceptible. Novel coronavirus is novel coronavirus pneumonia. WHO is caused by SARS-Cov-2 coronavirus, and COVID-19 is named SARS-Cov-2 by the virus. Most of the infections can lead to pneumonia, and it is called new coronavirus pneumonia / new crown pneumonia. 
At present, the initial cases are from the seafood market in Wuhan. The initial source of infection is wild animals, possibly the Chinese chrysanthemum head bat. Up to now novel coronavirus pneumonia novel coronavirus infected pneumonia diagnosis scheme (trial version sixth) has been reported. The main source of infection is new coronavirus pneumonia, and asymptomatic people can also be called the source of infection.
2. What symptom appears to be infected with the virus?
The common symptoms of novel coronavirus infection are fever, fatigue, dry cough, and gradually dyspnea. Some patients have mild onset symptoms, or even no obvious fever. Severe symptoms include: acute respiratory distress syndrome, septic shock, metabolic acidosis which is difficult to correct, and coagulation dysfunction. From the current situation of the cases, most of the patients have a good prognosis, and a few of them are critically ill or even dead. 
In addition to the above symptoms, there may be 'atypical' symptoms, such as:
(1) The first symptoms were digestive system symptoms, such as mild anorexia, asthenia, poor spirit, nausea and vomiting, diarrhea, etc;
(2) The first manifestation was nervous system symptoms, such as headache;
(3) The first manifestation was cardiovascular system symptoms, such as palpitation, chest distress, etc;
(4) The first manifestation was ophthalmic symptoms, such as conjunctivitis;
(5) Only mild muscle soreness in the extremities or back.
3. How to prevent infection from COVID-19?
Avoid going to high epidemic areas. Avoid crowded places. Avoid enclosed, airless public places and places where people gather, especially children, the elderly and people with low immunity. Wear a mask when you go out. Strengthen window ventilation. At home, we need to open windows and ventilate for a period of time every day. Strengthening air circulation can effectively prevent respiratory infectious diseases. Pay attention to personal hygiene. Wash your hands frequently with soap and running water or hand sanitizer. 
When sneezing or coughing, please cover your mouth and nose with a tissue or elbow. Do not cover your mouth and nose directly with your hands. Observe and see a doctor in time. In case of fever (especially high fever, cough, shortness of breath and other respiratory tract infection symptoms, masks shall be worn in time and medical treatment shall be conducted in time.
4. How to choose masks?
Wearing a mask is an effective way to block the transmission of respiratory secretions. 
At present, the masks that can be seen on the market mainly include medical protective masks (such as N95 masks), medical surgical masks and general disposable medical 
masks. In addition, there are various "net red masks" often worn by stars, such as cotton masks and sponge masks. It is good for citizens to choose medical surgical masks for daily protection. N95 mask has better disease prevention effect, but it is not suitable 
for wearing for a long time due to its poor air permeability and high respiratory resistance.
5. How to use masks correctly?
(1) Disposable medical mask: it is recommended that the public wear it in non crowded public places. 
(2) Surgical mask for medical use: it is recommended to be worn by public transport department and passengers, sanitation workers, taxi drivers and service personnel in public places. N95 and kn95 particle respirators: it is recommended that public protection 
personnel conduct field investigation, sampling, nucleic acid detection or wear them in highly crowded places. 
(3) Medical protective mask: it is recommended to be worn by the medical staff in the isolation ward or when the confirmed patient is transferred.
6. How to wear the mask correctly?
When wearing the mask, fully unfold the folded face, completely wrap the mouth, nose and mandible, and then compress the nose clip to make the mask fully fit the face. Wash your hands before wearing the mask, or avoid touching the inner face of the mask during wearing, so as to reduce the possibility of contamination of the mask. 
To distinguish the inside and outside, up and down of the mask, the light color should be the inside, the inside should be close to the mouth and nose, the dark side should face out; one end of the metal strip (nose clip) is the top of the mask. The mask should be replaced regularly. It is not allowed to wear it on the inside and outside, not to mention on both sides in turn.